(cheers and applause)
Yuya! Yuya!
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale.
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
(beeping)
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
My monster is ready
to swing into action.
(roaring)
(cheers and applause)
(Yuya)
Everything is set now,
Odd‐Eyes.
Let's give this guy
a blazing send‐off.
Spiral Flame Strike!
That's a wrap!
(cheering)
Fantastisch!
I can't believe Yuya
became the world champion
of Action Dueling.
My dream has come true!
(cheers and applause)
You're the greatest,
Yuya!
The best ever!
Gong hasn't felt
this emotional
since he won his first duel
in preschool.
Your performance has
moved Gong to tears, Yuya.
This one's for you, Dad.
The real prize
isn't a trophy.
It's knowing I wowed the crowd
just like you used to do.
Dad.
That duel was
pendulum‐tastic, Coach Y!
Whoa!
Take it easy!
Yeah! (laughing)
I just knew you'd win.
That's why I picked you
to be my duel teacher.
So when is my
first lesson, coach?
(groaning)
Huh? Huh? Huh?
Hey! Uh...
Whoaaah!
(thud)
(Yuya grunting)
Figures.
The most awesome duel
I ever fought
and it was
all just a dream.
On the other hand,
I really do have the power
to Pendulum Summon,
and that's real
as can be.
I may not be
the world champion,
but as long as I can keep
entertaining people
I'll be a winner.
I do want to become
the greatest dueltainer ever,
and to do that I just
got to remember
to believe in my deck
and myself.
You taught me
that lesson, Dad,
and I promise you it's
something I'll never forget.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
That blue haired pest
Sora's even bugging me
in my dreams now.
First he pops onto the scene
from out of nowhere
to floor Sylvio
and his goons,
and then he announces
he's gonna become my student?
(dog barking)
Hmm? Huh?
(panting)
En, and Core.
Hi.
Look at you.
When Mom first found you,
you were small enough
to hold in one hand.
But it looks like
you've been spending
plenty of quality time
chomping and chewing
at your food bowl,
haven't you, pal?
(barking)
(chuckling)
(mewling)
Good morning, Core.
(chuckling)
(Yoko)
You certainly are hungry,
my little friend.
Well, keep eating.
There's plenty more
where that came from.
Did you let another stray
in the house, Mom?
Yeah, me!
What are you
doing here?
I noticed him wandering
around the neighborhood,
the poor boy.
I had no choice but to offer
him breakfast, of course,
since he looked
so hungry.
You should've
given him food to go.
He's welcome here.
Sora's your student,
isn't he?
No!
(groans)
Well, you're not.
You have had a bad
habit of turning up
when you're not wanted,
which happens to be
all the time.
That's rude.
I can see you didn't
learn manners
from your sister here.
His sister?
Uh, have I made
a mistake? Sorry.
I figured you had
to be Coach Y's sister
since you look so incredibly
young and beautiful.
Oh! Well, well,
what a perceptive
young man,
and completely
charming, too.
I bet
you're still hungry.
Can I get you
more syrup?
Those are
my pancakes!
Yes, please,
if you don't mind.
(Yoko)
Why don't I make
waffles, too?
(Sora)
With scrambled eggs
and French toast?
(sighing)
Coming right up.
Really? Sora's the kid
who wants you
to teach him
how to duel, right?
And now he's hanging out
in your house?
Yeah.
It seems no matter
how hard I try,
I can't get rid
of that pest.
(Sora)
Coach Y!
You see what I mean?
Hey, are you
following me?
Yeah!
Look, just go away!
I can't, 'cause we have
to have our first lesson.
I'm ready to get started
whenever you say.
When are you gonna get it
into that blue haired
head of yours
that I do not want to‐‐
Come on!
You've got to teach me!
When I saw you duel Sylvio
I could tell you were
the greatest duelist ever,
especially after your
incredible Pendulum Summon.
I want to learn how
to summon like that, too.
Sorry to burst your bubble,
but you can't be
'cause you don't have
any pendulum cards.
(gasps)
Oh, can't you
teach me anyway?
Won't you, please?
I bet you he'll do it
if you ask him.
Why's that, Sora?
'Cause if Coach Y's
girlfriend asks,
there's no way
he can say no.
His girlfriend?
Aren't you
sweethearts?
(both)
Of course not!
As far as I'm concerned,
there's nothing sweet
about her, okay?
(groaning)
How dare he insinuate
I'm bad‐tempered
and hard
to get along with?
In all my time...
I think she likes you,
Coach Y.
I wonder if anybody
can Pendulum Summon
as long as they have
the right cards.
Sylvio didn't seem
to have any problem
when we dueled.
(Sora)
Coach Y looks worried.
I better find a way to turn
his frown upside down.
Go Coach Y!
Hi!
(gasping)
Tag! You're it!
(sighing)
Hey!
(gasps)
(Yuya)
This kid needs to cool it
before I lose it!
Sora was only trying
to cheer you up.
Why are you so down
in the dumps anyway?
I don't know.
You don't take anything
too seriously, Yuya,
so why take your
miserable mood so seriously?
Hey, you know what would
really cheer you up?
A duel to beat back
your blues!
Maybe.
I'm just not sure.
Wait!
You're right, Zuzu!
I can't let doom and gloom
bring me down.
Then let
the battle begin.
All right,
who's ready to duel?
The one and only
Yuya Sakaki
has arrived to take
center stage.
Ah, what's up,
Coach Y?
(groaning)
Wait, what are you
doing here?
He came to meet you
for his first lesson.
It's rude to keep your
students waiting, Yuya.
But he's not...
Aaah!
Yuya, I'm proud you
chose to entertrain
your first pupil here,
and I'm even prouder
that he'll be enrolling
in our school.
Right? No pressure.
Listen to me!
He's not my student.
Come on, what are we
waiting for, Coach?
We gotta tackle our first
dueling lesson, right?
Then let's get to it.
I want to learn
how to Pendulum Summon
from the best
of the best!
I'm counting on you to turn me
into a dualtaining whiz kid.
How many times
do I have to say no
before you stop asking?
Good question.
Look, coach,
I'll make you a deal.
Just duel me this once and
I'll never bother you again.
That sounds like
a fair deal to me.
You can't
turn him down, Yuya.
(shuddering)
Aww, come on, Yuya,
it's only one
simple duel.
Yuya, if you turn down
this poor kid
it will bring dishonor
to the reputation
of the You Show
Duel School,
not to mention
we'd have to give back
his tuition money.
(Sora)
Please, Coach Y?
Let's duel.
Pretty please?
You can ask me
a million times
and I'll still
tell you no.
(whimpering)
Ah...
Please, please, please,
please, please, please?
(sighing)
Except for this
one time only.
Whoo‐hoo!
But listen...
You have to promise
if I win
you'll stop following me
around everywhere,
and you won't ask me
to teach you or
call me Coach, agreed?
Mm‐hmm,
but if I win,
I'll be your student
and I can call you Coach,
plus I can follow you
around as much as I want.
(shudders)
(murmuring)
(Skip) And so begins
an epic showdown
between our resident
Pendulum expert
and his wannabe student.
Wow, this is
really happening!
Duelists, get ready...
to duel!
Our cardslingers will clash
in the Wildest West.
(computer voice)
Augmented reality
combat system energized.
Generating action field.
Don't you have
a cooler field?
This one's
kind of weak.
Huh?
Use some imagination.
I want to duel Yuya
somewhere sweeter than this.
Uh, let me think.
Okay... go!
(computer voice)
Generating action field.
Whoa. (chuckling)
Ohh... yum!
That's more like it!
Now this field's
a treat.
It's awesome!
You're the best!
How cute!
(sighs)
Give me a break.
♪
And now, get set for a duel
of delicious delights.
It's teacher
against student, ha ha!
This battle will have you
rolling with excitement.
'Cause only one will rule
this sweet treat of a duel.
The action begins...
Now!
(computer voice)
Action cards dispersed.
Ready, Sora?
I'll get things started
by summoning
my PerformaPal
Hip Hippo.
(growls)
What do you say you and me
hoof it into high gear,
Hip Hippo?
See you, Sora.
Not if I see you first.
I drew the spell
Toy Vendor
and I'm gonna
activate it right now!
This toy's fun‐tastic,
'cause it lets me
send a card
from my hand
to the graveyard,
and then I can draw
another card from my deck.
Uh, this card's yucky.
Now if I draw a monster card
that's Level 4 or below
I'm allowed to summon it,
but if it's not
I'll have to toss it
into my graveyard.
Look, it's Fluffal Bear.
(creaking)
Come on and join
the party, Fluffal Bear!
And I'm inviting
your friend Fluffal Leo
to join us, too.
(roars)
That kid may look like
he's all fun and games,
but by the way he plays
I can tell he's not
toying around.
He sure doesn't
duel like a newbie.
And I love his monsters
'cause they're so...
Cuddly!
Cuddly?
Come on!
Hey, look out!
Eyes front!
Huh? Huh?!
This is not
gonna be sweet.
(roars)
Oh.
(groans)
(gasping, sighing)
(Sora)
Get in the game, Coach!
Your hippo's history,
'cause my Fluffal Leo
is prepping to pounce.
(roaring)
Oh, no!
Just kidding.
Huh?
I'm gonna use the
Action Spell Evasion
to tame your Leo.
You see, this card
lets my hippo
steer clear
of its attack.
(roaring)
Roll with it,
Hip Hippo.
Hey! Dodging my attacks
isn't fair.
You don't expect me
to just let you
destroy my monster,
do you?
Where did he get
an Action card?
I didn't see Yuya
pick up one anyplace.
Maybe you couldn't see.
I bet he picked it up
when he fell in that goop.
Correct!
Yuya!
Watch out!
Huh?
(sighing)
While you were
dessert diving,
my Fluffal Bear
was getting prepped
to hunt down
your hippo!
(growling)
(Zuzu)
Another Action card?
Oh, it was in the cake.
If all the Action cards
are hidden inside desserts
these duelists
are gonna need a diet!
I'm activating
the Action Spell Candy Shower.
Wow!
What a sugary surprise.
Huh?
(groaning)
You should be attacking
Yuya's hippo, not that candy!
The sweetest part about
that Action Spell
is that it switched
Fluffal Bear
into defense mode.
(groans)
I guess I'll end
my turn, then.
If you can find Action cards
then I can, too!
We'll see about that.
Come on, Fluffal Bear.
Put your back into it!
(groaning)
Almost got it.
(grunting)
Just a little closer.
Better luck next time.
Hey, that was mine!
You wanted a dueling demo
and that's what you're getting.
And next I'll show you
something really amazing.
Huh?
You don't mean...
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale.
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
Here we go.
He's gonna
Pendulum Summon!
I'm allowed to summon
monsters from Level 2
through Level 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum.
Carve the arc
of victory!
♪
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
H‐2‐Go,
Skeeter Skimmer.
Slice and dice,
Sword Fish.
It's time to turn up
the heat, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Wow!
That's amazing, Coach Y!
Wait until you see
what I've got in store
for you next.
Check out my Sword Fish's
special ability.
Once per turn
my PerformaPal can zero in
on one of your monsters
and then slice and dice
its attack points by 600.
But I'm not done.
I'll also use the Action Card
I snatched from you.
It'll give you
the biggest sugar crash,
'cause now my Odd‐Eyes gets
a 700‐point power boost.
Yuya sure is
schooling Sora.
He'swünderbar.
It's on!
Odd‐Eyes is primed
to take down
your fragile feline.
Okay,
get set to strike!
Ready? It's time to
finish off that furball!
Here's a lesson
you won't forget, Sora.
(roaring)
Odd‐Eyes isn't
toying around.
Spiral Flame Strike!
Whoa!
Yuya's taking this duel
to the next level.
It's got me
all fired up!
That sent a shiver
down my spine‐‐ huh?
Hey, wait, something
isn't adding up right.
I thought Odd‐Eyes
was supposed to deal
double damage
to opponents.
It does, but only when
the monster it's battling
is Level 5 or above.
Oh, right!
I got so caught up
in the excitement
of the duel
I totally forgot that
that lion is only Level 4.
It's no biggie.
I'll hand it
back to you, Sora.
Of course my Action Spell's
effect wears off now,
so Odd‐Eyes' attack points
are going back to normal.
Is Sora
gonna be okay?
Hey, Yuya, you didn't
have to knock the poor
kid for a loop.
You should go
a little easier on him.
But he wanted
to duel me for real.
(Sora chuckling)
Huh?
(chuckling)
(grunting)
Thanks, Yuya.
Now that I felt the full
force of one of your
Pendulum monsters,
I'm even more determined
to become your student.
(groans)
My draw!
I think my deck is trying
to send me a message.
It's telling me...
that it's time
to get serious.
What is that
supposed to mean?
Are you saying
you haven't been
serious 'til now?
(chuckles)
Maybe or maybe not.
Let's see.
If I send a card
to the graveyard,
I can play with my
Toy Vendor again.
I can't wait to see
what card it's gonna be.
Yes!
Oh, cool!
These Edge Imp Sabers are going
to cut Yuya down to size.
(creaking)
Monsters don't get
more cutting‐edge
than Edge Imp Sabers.
Then I'll use a spell.
It's a card called
Polymeri‐something or other.
You mean
Polymerization?
Yeah!
This awesome spell
lets me fuse together
my Edge Imp Sabers
and my Fluffal Bear.
Edge of sharpness
and fury of bear
When the two come together,
you had better beware!
Fusion Summon!
That was freaky,
but what did he mean?
He's mixing monsters,
Frederick.
That way, by combining
the two cards together
they can turn into
a really powerful monster
that you wouldn't want
to mess with.
Here it comes,
the most unbearable monster
you've ever seen:
Frightfur Bear!
(growling)
That doesn't look
so cuddly anymore.
It's so scary.
It'll be okay.
Awesome.
Never seen
one of those before.
Thanks, Coach.
I learned a lot
from you today,
but now it's my turn to
teach you a lesson or two.
♪